The second big category in machine learning is unsupervised algorithms,
where we don't have any labeled data points,
we typically try to find clusters based on how similar records are to one another.
The Spark ML API includes K-means,
Latent Dirichlet Allocation, and Gaussian Mixture Model clustering algorithms.
In real life, problems don't necessarily fit strictly
in either the supervised or unsupervised category.
So there has been a lot of development on techniques
that implement hybrid approaches.
Spark at this point, has limited support for semi-supervised learning.
As I mentioned earlier, Spark primary supports algorithms
that scale linearly with the number of records.
So if you need to use more expensive algorithms
such as connectivity based clustering,
which typically scarce quadratic or even cubic with the number of records,
you need to implement your own methods
or consider using some other framework.